# Gossip (alpha)

A tool to scrape, store and analyse the contents of the BBC Sport Football Gossip column.

## Installation

Python version >= 3.6

You may need to install some dependencies (e.g. `requests`, `beautifulsoup4`, etc...)

Once you have them all installed, you can leverage this as a regular python package by running:

```bash
sudo python3 setup.py install
```
You will also need to create a `config.ini` file and place it inside `src/gossip/config/` in order for the app to run correctly.

### Config Options

A `config.ini` MUST be created before the app is run. It should be stored in `src/gossip/config/`. A template for this file can be found under `src/gossip/config/config_template.ini`. Below is an explanation of what the different values mean.

#### General
- **project_directory** - This should be the absolute file path of where this repo is cloned (including the repo itself), e.g. `/home/gary/Gossip`
- **log_file** - This is where the file containing all the logs generated by the app will be saved to. If you don't care about logs, set it to something like `/tmp/log.log` and the file will eventually be deleted.

#### DATA
- **directory** - This is the directory where all data will be stored. At the moment, all data is save as a file on disk (not great!).
- **raw_directory** - This is the directory where raw data will be stored. This is a direct subdirectory of **directory**. An example of raw data might be the HTML from the BBC Sport website.

#### REMOTE
- **url** - The URL which is to be scraped.
